Help! Help!
Jade Emperor, are you really with Xia Yun?
Xiaoyan
Why are you so gullible?
Why do you even believe in cancer, hahaha?
That's because I believe
Friend for so many years, why are you doing this?
Because I want money
I want a lot of money and
And this woman
What do you want?
I haven't done anything yet
You are afraid
Then when you steal the depth of field
You should have thought of today
He is a person, not an object
I can't just grab it if I want to
Besides, I never really had him.
Shut up and be gentle
Jingshen refuses to sign the agreement
Not you yet
With a very innocent face
Who knows what it's like to be private
The charming look hooks me up in this life, I don't believe it, and I don't love me either
You say
If I put a line on your face
Will I still love you in this life?
Xu Yuzhuo, calm down
Why are you educating me?
What do you know?
I grew up in an orphanage.
Being bullied and humiliated
If I'm not cruel
Haha, how do you think I got here?
Your situation is not a reason for you to hurt others
But my hands have already attracted character
There is no turning back
I have to take the last step today
Come on.
Draw bowls on your best friend's face
Hahahaha, here it comes, third master
Stop